SMART BOARD
Smarto's smart tool to revolutionize the mode of teaching.
*April 2nd, 2022*. Smarto is excited to announce its brand new product for future of education. Due to on-going pandemic teaching 
has become so difficult over a online meet, there should be some tool which is easy to use, affordable and efficient to bring 
change in the way of teaching. With this vision Smarto came up this product "SMART BOARD". Smart board helps teachers to 
write to teach in a unique way. Pre-pandemic teacher used to use balck board with chalk, and in online mode we share PDF. But the 
effective way is to write on board. Here where Smart Board plays its role. Smart Board provides White screen with different shades of color
to write on white board. And the permission to write on this board is only accessible to teacher, also if teacher can provide acdess to their students
if they have any doubt and ask over the board. This board also comes with saving all the data in cloud, as so whenever if anyone wants
go back to previous lecture can go back to it. This the most effiecient way of recording previous notes, and also the way of teaching.

“We are excited to help our customers become much more efficient,’’ said Will Canis-La Trans, VP of Product at Smarto.

"Smart tool helped my students to understand the concepts clearly, get doubts cleared easily", said Robert smith, Principal of Austin School.

Login to your LMS account start teaching, you will be easily able to navigate to smart board that is integrated.

FAQ's

1. How do I start using Smart Board ?
  "SMART BOARD" is integrated with your LMS portal so that it’s very easy to navigate.
2. Whether Smart board is free feature ?
   "SMART BOARD" comes with 30 days free trail, later to continue the with feature with just 499 dollars/month.
3. How long the data will be stored in cloud ?
   We store your class recording for 1 year, however you can upgrade the plan to save data for further more dates.


Internal FAQ's

1. What will customers like most about Smart Board ?
   Unique featues like storing slides, real time teaching that make you feel you are in offline class.
2. What are the privacy concerns with this product?
   privacy is our primary concern, we will 2 factor autentication to access LMS, so that all our internal feature is protected.
